1. Readline Sync () - readlineSync() is a package. In programming, you can use code written by others via this system.

2. Function Parameters - Variables that are defined when a function is declared 

3. Function Arguments - Values passed while calling a function

4. One thing to notice here is that console is an object on which log() is a property. And yes, functions too can be a property of object.
another fact, when functions are properties of an object, they are called methods in programming.

5. callback function - callback function is one in which we call a function using a function.

6. Difference between == & === 

== converts the operants into same data type & then checks if they are same or not
=== does not do any type of conversion, it simply checks if the two values are same or not


7. Object.Key() & Object.values

Keep in mind Key & Value, basically what object.key does is that it returns the key value of all the elements in the object in a form of a array. Similarly the same for values.

8. HTTP Status Codes 
1xx : Informational - It means that the request has been received & the process is continuing
2xx : Success - It means that the action was successful, received, understood & accepted
3xx : Redirection - It means further action must be taken in order to complete the request
4xx : Client Error - It means the request contains incorrect syntax or cannot be fulfilled
5xx : Server Error - It means the server failed to fulfill an apparently valid request

Common Status Codes
200 - OK - the page is successfully loaded
301 - The URL of the requested resource has been changed permanently. The new URL is given in the response.
302 - This response code means that the URI of requested resource has been changed temporarily. Further changes in the URI might be made in the future. 
Therefore, this same URI should be used by the client in future requests.
401 - Unauthorized - requires authorization to further access the contents
403 - Forbidden - You are authorized but do not have the access rights for the content
410 - This response is sent when the requested content has been permanently deleted from server, with no forwarding address. 
500 - Internal Server Error - The server has encountered a situation it does not know how to handle.
503 - The server is not ready to handle the request. Common causes are a server that is down for maintenance or that is overloaded.

9. A semantic element clearly describes its meaning to both the browser and the developer. Eg Nav, header, footer, form,table,etc. Non-semantic - Div, span

10. Imperative = some function I wrote, Declarative = call some function someone else wrote

11. Caching - Web Cache or HTTP Cache allows you to store a copy of a resource and serve it back when requested.
Serving the item from the cache, instead of re-downloading it from the origin server eases the load on the server, improves performance, and reduces the bandwidth usage on the server.

Cache can be present at browser ( pvt-specific user ), proxy server ( ISP or organization ), reverse proxy ( close to our server, setup by server administrators )
max-age = time for which the cache will be stored
etag header is the unique identifier associated to the resource. Client uses this etag to make a request to the server to check if the content has been changed

12. var - let - const - let & const were introduced in ES2016 & before that var was used for variables. Var has a scope within a function, same with let & const. Var can be used outside
of if & for blocks but let & const cannot be used. var & let can be edited but const value is not changeable

13. DOM - Document object model.
The DOM is the way Javascript sees its containing pages' data. It is an object that includes how the HTML/XHTML/XML is formatted, as well as the browser state.

A DOM element is something like a DIV, HTML, BODY element on a page. You can add classes to all of these using CSS, or interact with them using JS.

14. API 

An API is the interface through which you access someone elses code or through which someone else's code accesses yours. It is a 
connection between computers or between computer programs.

15. React is declarative language, whereas Javascript is imperative.

16. React is a Javascript library, not a framework.

17. 

